


<h2> How to ride:</h2>
                                                                        <p>To ride a dirtbike you must start the dirtbike.
                                                                         You can start your dirtbike by pulling out
                                                                         the lever on the bottom right side of the bike.
                                                                         Make sure the bike is in neutral, by down shifting
                                                                         a couple of times then slowly shift up a little. 
                                                                         After the bike is in neutral you can pull the lever
                                                                         out and kick it back with alot of force, this may
                                                                         take more than one try if you are not used to it
                                                                         then slowly twist the throttle. Only if your bike 
                                                                         has a push start, put the bike in neutral and press
                                                                         the button for 3 seconds and then slowly twist the 
                                                                         throttle. After you have done all of those steps, 
                                                                         hold the clutch which is the lever on the left
                                                                         after you pull it in twist the throttle and 
                                                                         make sure you are holding onto the clutch 
                                                                         the whole time. While holding the clutch shift 
                                                                         the gear which is located on the lower left side 
                                                                         of the bike down 1 and it will put you into first
                                                                         gear! after you are in first gear while holding 
                                                                         the clutch wist the throttle half way and let go of
                                                                          the clutch, by then you will be riding! if you want 
                                                                         to go faster hold the clutch and quickly shift up, 
                                                                         slowing down is the same way just hold the clutch and
                                                                          down shift, another way to slow down is by using the
                                                                           front brake which is located on the right side of the
                                                                           handlebar, only use it when you are going straight, 
                                                                           if you want to slow down by a turn use your back brake 
                                                                            located on the lower right side of the bike, push it
                                                                            down slowly the bike may slide but that is okay.  
                                                                            just lean forward. After you follow these steps 
                                                                             you can ride a dirtbike!</p>
 